Greg Shrock, Michael Hammer, and Dunni Adenuga

PHASE DESCRIPTION


Overall this phase was better than the previos phase. Our team was able to learn from mistakes we previously made. For example, we made sure that we met more regularly and that everyone had clearer understandings of what to do before we began. 

To start we all read the phase instructions thuroughly and then we divided the project up amongst each other. Greg was in charge of the communications between the server and client, Dunni handled creating the data-structure to hold words, frequencies, and urls, and Michael developed the html pages and parsing algorithms.

The communications between the browser and server happened such that the browser would first send a forum to the server. The server then received the request for information, queried urls for key words, and then sent a new webpage (containing the relevant urls) back to the browser to display. The new web page was generated by the server and has the ability for the user to search again after seeing the results. 

Our data structure for storing information is a linked list. It holds the words we find in the web pages. To see if we found a word in a page we need to traverse the linked list and search for the word.

A hardship we had was handling multiple words in a search. We decided to go with the technique of doing an individual query for each word encountered, which caused some conflicts in our implementation, but they were quickly resolved. 
Another hardship we had was linking all of the programs we developed together. This happened in the last phase as well so we should make sure to have some more communicaiton about how we are implementing our code before developing in the next phase. A problem with everyone working separately and then coming together is that a program that one person makes may expect a different protocol than the other one provides (ex: output a length and then the data). Thus, we had to refactor some of our code to make our files interact with each other effectively. 
